---
title: Plus One
publish: "true"
---
File Created: <% tp.file.creation_date() %>  
Last Modified: <% tp.file.last_modified_date() %>

Tags: [[LeetCode]]

---

**Problem Description:** You are given array of integers called `digits`, where `digits[i]` is the i-th integer of some large integer, represented in this array format. The integers in the array are arranged from most significant to least significant, in base 10. There are no leading zeros.  

The goal of the problem is to add one to the large integer represented in `digits`. The constraints are:  

$1 \leq digits.length \leq 100$  
$0 \leq digits[i] \leq 9$  

---

**Examples:**  

[1, 2, 3, 4] => [1, 2, 3, 5]  
[1, 9] => [2, 0]  
[9, 9, 8, 9] => [9, 9, 9, 0]  
[9] => [1, 0]  

---

**Solution:** The immediate thing that might come to your mind is the fact that for most test cases, we can simply look at the last element in the `digits` array, and add one to it. However, we do need additional logic for when said element is 9, or a carry propagates through our array.  

So, we can have a pointer `R` which initially looks at the last element of the array. If the element does not equal 9, then we simply add one and return the `digits` array. Otherwise, we replace `digits[R]` with 0, and decrement our pointer by one[^1]. Then we repeat until we find an element that is less than 9, or we reach the end (beginning) of the array. Of course, since we're decrementing, and there exists a case where we iterate through the entire list, we want to make sure we don't index out of bounds, so our loop requires the condition that `R` be $\geq 0$. 

In the event that every element in our array is 9, eventually we will find ourselves at the end (beginning) of our array, in which case the condition `digits[0] == 9`, and we can simply replace the first element with a 1 and append a zero to the end of our array. Okay! Below is all of this logic implemented in Python. 

```python
class Solution:
    def plusOne(self, digits: List[int]) -> List[int]:
        right = len(digits) - 1
        while (right >= 0):
            if (digits[right] != 9):
                digits[right] += 1
                return digits
            else: #if digits[R] == 9
                if (right == 0): #we are at the beginning of the array
                    digits.append(0)
                    digits[right] = 1
                    return digits
                digits[right] = 0
                right -= 1
```

Thanks for reading! Please email me any comments or suggestions at [brianoeaden@gmail.com](mailto:brianoeaden@gmail.com) :)

[^1]: Note that the carry generated by a 9 will be added to the necessary digit through the repeated logic `digits[R] != 9 => digits[R] += 1`, that was described in the sentence before this one.
