---
publish: "False"
---
# Daily To-Do List: [[To-Do List]]
- [x] Go to Gym
- [x] Daily LeetCode
- [ ] Walk Dog

# Random Ideas or Notes:

I started on this new medication today for my ADHD. Kind of just made me feel bad? I did feel warm and fuzzy a bit later on though. 

I want to read more books, but I say this all the time.

I went to the gym today and it was PACKED. I guess I shouldn't be surprised though, it is the beginning of the new year. Speaking of the new year, I HATE fireworks. It was literally a battleground yesterday night. Poor Brady was losing his MIND. I wouldn't be surprised if he were traumatized. I feel like my family is so poorly accommodating of his needs. I'd say something, but I don't want to risk fighting with them. They already think I'm abrasive enough.

I WANT A 3D PRINTER!!!!!

I'm having better days with Monica. Her clinginess has died down a bit. It's still a bit more than I am comfortable with, but it's also nice. We're also a new relationship and I'm sure with time it will chill out. I planned a date for us for when she comes back to Houston! It's here [[Houston Day on the Town Itinerary]] :). 

Tomorrow I will be going to the Mall with my sisters! Hopefully I can make good progress on some work too. 

I want to exercise my creative ability. I feel like it's lacking so much, and it's honestly something I really do not appreciate about myself. I feel like to be an engineer, a successful one, you NEED to be creative. I bought a couple of journals, and I'm trying to make more use of this app (without a template), to help me in that journey. 

Eventually I will figure out more things to do with these notes, but for right now, I think this is fine. 